Update _index.md (#573)
mattermost/focalboard: website/site/content/guide/user/_index.md

[Let us know](/feedback/) if there's a feature you are looking for, or [connect with our vibrant community](/contribute/getting-started/) to help bring it to life.

> ## Enabling Focalboard

Reviewer: Thanks Justine! I've added this section to a [new page under download \ mattermost here](https://github.com/mattermost/focalboard/blob/main/website/site/content/download/mattermost/_index.md). You can remove it from this users guide page.

Author: Great! I've removed this section in this branch - let me know if that's correct? Then when we merge this the new page you created will be applied and I'll cross-check that it's correct. 

We just need to give Amy the right URL for the release notes - and that will be the new page you created.

       proxy_buffers 256 16k;
       proxy_buffer_size 16k;
       client_body_timeout 60;
       send_timeout 300;
       lingering_timeout 5;
       proxy_connect_timeout 90;
       proxy_send_timeout 300;
       proxy_read_timeout 90s;
       proxy_pass http://backend;
   }
```

Restart NGINX with `sudo systemctl restart nginx`.

### With Apache (unofficial)

After following the [install guide for Apache and Mattermost](https://docs.mattermost.com/install/config-apache2.html#configuring-apache2-as-a-proxy-for-mattermost-server-unofficial), modify the web sockets section in `/etc/apache2/sites-available` as follows:

```
 # Set web sockets
  RewriteEngine On
  RewriteCond %{REQUEST_URI} /api/v[0-9]+/(users/)?websocket|/plugins/focalboard/ws/* [NC,OR]
  RewriteCond %{HTTP:UPGRADE} ^WebSocket$ [NC,OR]
  RewriteCond %{HTTP:CONNECTION} ^Upgrade$ [NC]
  RewriteRule .* ws://127.0.0.1:8065%{REQUEST_URI} [P,QSA,L]
  ```

Restart Apache with `sudo systemctl restart apache2`

In Mattermost, select the Focalboard icon in the channel header to access boards for that channel.

## Adding new Boards

1. Select **+ Add Board** in the bottom left of the sidebar to add a new board to Focalboard.

> 2. Pick **Project Tasks** from the list of templates.

Reviewer: This step should be something like "Pick a template, such as **Project Tasks** from the list".

> 2. Pick **Project Tasks** from the list of templates.

Author: ```suggestion
2. Pick a template, such as **Project Tasks**, from the list.
```

3. This shows the first view of the new board, which is a table of all tasks.

![image](./all%20tasks.png)

4. Click on "By Status" in the sidebar to see a board view.

![image](./by%20status.png)

5. Click on the properties menu, and turn on "Priority" and "Date created". This will add those properties to the card display.

![image](./by%20status%20properties.png)

6. You can likewise change the **Group By**, **Filter**, and **Sort** settings of the view.

> 7. In general, all changes you make are saved immediately.

Reviewer: Suggest "In general, all changes you make are saved immediately, and are visible to all other users".

> 7. In general, all changes you make are saved immediately.

Author: ```suggestion
7. In general, all changes you make are saved immediately and are visible to all other users.
```
